There were three main problems that were the focus on this week: Handling the unwanted headline_class types,
dealing with publishers that have not published enough articles to be classified, and a data type fix on the
published_at column so that yFinance can actually read the dates when the time comes. Standard problems like 
missing values, unit mismatch, trimming spaces, impossible values, and duplicates were not relevant to this dataset.

1. Handling unwanted headline_class types: The four headline types are general news, movement, prediction, and analysis.
70% of the raw data is either general news or movement which do not provide any useful information in terms of 
classifying publishers. This is because unless the publisher is trying to make a claim or analyze what is happening
with a company then most of the information is objective and does not speak to their ability to write and report.
As a result all general news or movement entries were completly removed resulting in only 30,000 rows of 100,000 remaining.

2. Publisher article count: During data exploration, it was revealed that there were a significant amount of publishers
in the data that had only ever published one article. This is not sufficient to classify them based on their abilities.
As a result, I investigated and found that the raw data there were 360 total publishers with a mean of 84 articles written 
and a standard deviation of 364 articles. I dug further and found that at 25 or more articles there are only about 86 publishers left with 28000 total articles among them.
For now, I am cutting off all publishers with less than 25 articles written because it is just not sufficient for modeling even
though 25 is also arguably low but this will be discussed later this week. After dropping, the new mean was 335 articles with a standard deviation of 690.

3. published_at date formatting. The dates in the published_at column are all over the place and some even shifted
by timezone. This is going to make it impossible for yFinance to grab the date and find the stock price at a given date without 
reformatting and standardizing them. As a result, all dates were shifted to the utc time zone and only the year, day and month were left. 

The main remaining risk looking at the data overall at the moment is how the dates are going to be properly aligned with the market.
For example I stated earlier that I want a column that has the price of the stock 7 days after publication date. What if publication date 
did not start on a day the market was open or a holiday? What if the 7 days after publication date ended on a day the market was closed.
These cutoffs can significantly impact the data and fairness if not standardized and is something im considering going into the next week.
